1. Find the five mistakes inside the map function in megalistmanips.s. 
    Read all of the commented lines under the map function in megalistmanips.s 
    (before it returns with jr ra), and make sure that the lines do what the 
    comments say. Some hints:
        Why do we need to save stuff on the stack before we call jal?
            We call the function addressed by s1 inside of mapLoop. And we do not know
            which registers this callee function manipulates. We can expected it to restore
            the preserved registers at the end, but cannot be sure that we will have the same
            values in the other registers at the end. Values in registers that are not preserved across
            function calls have to be saved by the caller before going into the callee function.
            This is the convention.
        What’s the difference between add t0, s0, x0 and lw t0, 0(s0)?
            "add t0, s0, x0" loads the value inside of s0 into the register t0,
            whereas "lw t0, 0(s0)" goes to the memory address pointed by the s0, gets
            the value inside and places it into the register t0. "add t0, s0, x0" is just copying the 
            contents of s0 inside t0, while "lw t0, 0(s0)" is making a round trip to the 
            memory address pointed by s0.
        Pay attention to the types of attributes in a struct node.
        Note: you need only focus on the map, mapLoop, and done functions but it’s worth 
        understanding the full program.

2. For this exercise, we are requiring that you don’t use any extra save registers in your 
implementation. While you normally can use the save registers to store values that you want 
to use after returning from a function (in this case, when we’re calling f in map), we want 
you to use temporary registers instead and follow their caller/callee conventions. The provided 
map implementation only uses the s0 and s1 registers, so we’ll require that you don’t use s2-s11.

3. Make an ordered list of each of the five mistakes, and the corrections you made to fix them.
    1. line 69 - the address of the array resides in the memory, it has to be loaded from the
        memory to a register.
        this might be confusing: s0 points at the first element in the first node, which is the
        array pointer of the first node. but we do not want to only access the pointer to the
        array, we want to access to the array itself. So, we read the word pointed by s0 to get
        the pointer (address) to the array: s0 -> array pointer -> actual array
    2. line 72, 73 - the code is not word accessing, it is byte addressing, which we of course
        don’t want. Offset has to be a multitude of 4.
    3. line 75 - t0, t1, and t2 should be saved into the stack before calling another function.
        these are all temporary registers, they are NOT preserved across function calls (it is
        not guaranteed that their value will stay the same after the function call, their value
        has to be saved by the caller before calling the callee)   
    4. line 81 - load word instead of load address. 8(s0) is the beginning byte of a word in the 
        memory that we want to have access to
    5. line 82 - we want a1 to have the address to the function, not the value inside the first
        byte of the function in the memory